README.md, before:

# setup-swig

This actions step downloads and installs a version of SWIG.

At the moment it supports only Linux runners.

You can check the [`magickwand.js` workflows](https://github.com/mmomtchev/magickwand.js/tree/main/.github/workflows) for an example of a complex project that uses it.

## Usage

For the latest version on the main branch:

```yaml
name: "my-project"
on: [push]

jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: mmomtchev/setup-swig@v4

      - name: Verify
        run: swig -version
```

For SWIG JSE:

```yaml
name: "my-project"
on: [push]

jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: mmomtchev/setup-swig@v4
        with:
          branch: jse

      - name: Verify
        run: swig -version
```

Specific version with authentication - use authentication if you get API rate errors:

```yaml
name: "my-project"
on: [push]

jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: mmomtchev/setup-swig@v4
        with:
          version: v4.1.0
          token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}

      - name: Verify
        run: swig -version
```



## Options

```yaml
  version:
    description: 'Version to install'
    default: 'latest'
  branch:
    description: 'Branch to install'
    default: 'main'
  cache:
    description: 'Cache builds'
    default: true
  token:
    description: 'Optional authentication token'
    default: ''
```

See [action.yml](action.yml)

Commit message:

support installing prebuilt binaries on all platforms (#64)
* support binary distributions on all platforms

* Rebuild

* add binary tests

* Rebuild

* fix main branch

* update the log message

* more output

* Rebuild

* disable failt fast

* rebuild

* Rebuild

* wait properly for tar to end

* Rebuild

* use a Readable to handle the teardown

* Rebuild

* is this the problem?

* Rebuild

* is the right binary

* Rebuild

* PATH problem?

* Rebuild

* correct path

* Rebuild

* try 5.0.9

* Rebuild

* resync both workflows

* Rebuild

* use the official version for QA

* Rebuild

* checkout only the test

* Rebuild

* this is SWIG-main

* Rebuild

* always call from the current checkout

* Rebuild

* use jsc for this test

* Rebuild

* change the correct test

* Rebuild

* update only when pushing to main

* Rebuild

* call this 5.0.0

* update also the git revision

* Rebuild

---------

Co-authored-by: mmomtchev <mmomtchev@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# setup-swig

This actions step downloads and installs a version of SWIG.

It supports Linux, Windows and macOS runners when installing a precompiled binary distribution of SWIG JSE.

It also supports rebuilding any version of SWIG on Linux runners only.

You can check the [`magickwand.js` workflows](https://github.com/mmomtchev/magickwand.js/tree/main/.github/workflows) for an example of a complex project that uses it.

## Usage

For the latest version on the main branch:

```yaml
name: "my-project"
on: [push]

jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: mmomtchev/setup-swig@v4

      - name: Verify
        run: swig -version
```

For SWIG JSE:

```yaml
name: "my-project"
on: [push]

jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: mmomtchev/setup-swig@v4
        with:
          branch: jse

      - name: Verify
        run: swig -version
```

Specific version with authentication - use authentication if you get API rate errors:

```yaml
name: "my-project"
on: [push]

jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: mmomtchev/setup-swig@v4
        with:
          version: v4.1.0
          token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}

      - name: Verify
        run: swig -version
```



## Options

```yaml
  version:
    description: 'Version to install'
    default: 'latest'
  branch:
    description: 'Branch to install'
    default: 'main'
  cache:
    description: 'Cache builds'
    default: true
  token:
    description: 'Optional authentication token'
    default: ''
  build:
    description: 'Build SWIG from source even if a binary distribution is available'
    default: false
```

See [action.yml](action.yml)
